Update README.md (#161)
grpc/test-infra: tools/README.md

The script `prepare_for_prebuilt_workers.go` takes the following options:
* `-l `<br> Language and GITREF to benchmark. The language and its specific 

> GITREF wish to build workers from can be specified as `language:COMMIT_SHA`.

Reviewer: Nit: I think the word "wish" makes it sound like we're introducing a new clause. We can just omit it. "from" gets the point across. 

```suggestion
GITREF to build the workers from can be specified as `language:COMMIT_SHA`.
```

GITREF wish to build workers from can be specified as `language:COMMIT_SHA`.
May be repeated.
* `-t` <br> Tag for prebuilt images. Tag is a required fields. Tag complies with 
[docker tag's restrictions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/tag/#extended-description). 
* `-r` <br> Root directory of Dockerfiles.
* `-build-only` <br> Option to build only, when specified 

>   `-build-only=true` images will only be built locally without being pushed to an 
>   image registry.
> * `-p` <br> Image registry to store images. In the example, the location of the
> images are:
>   `-build-only=true`, images will only be built locally.
> * `-p` <br> Image registry to store images. The helper script only support pushing images to GCR. If another image registry is chosen, the images could still be built through script with `-build-only=true`, the user could then push the images manually. The Dockerfiles that the script building from is avalible in [test-infra/containers/pre_built_images](test-infra/containers/pre_built_images). If using Google cloud registry, the image prefix should be in form of `gcr.io/project-name/your-directory-name`. In the example, the built images would be stored as: 
>  :
>   ```
>   gcr.io/grpc-testing/project-name/pre_built_workers/cxx:user-specified-tag
>   gcr.io/grpc-testing/project-name/pre_built_workers/go:user-specified-tag

Reviewer: This flow is a bit confusing. Let's try to break it up a bit. 

```suggestion
* `-p` <br> Image registry to store images. The image prefix should be in form of `gcr.io/project-name/your-directory-name` for the Google Container Registry. For example, the built images would be stored as `gcr.io/grpc-testing/project-name/pre_built_workers/cxx:user-specified-tag` and `gcr.io/grpc-testing/project-name/pre_built_workers/go:user-specified-tag`. 
   
   If using a registry other than GCR, the images should be built through the script with the flag `-build-only=true`. The user could then push the images manually.
   
   The Dockerfiles that the script uses to build are available in [test-infra/containers/pre_built_images](test-infra/containers/pre_built_images).
```

As for paragraph 2, "user could the push the images manually", this paragraph may be omitted. If the command is `docker push` and they set the image prefix to the appropriate path, it will work for any registry. For example,

- Dockerhub: set prefix to "username/" then `docker push username/image` will work.

- AWS registries: set prefix to their structure `aws-account-id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com/image` then `docker push aws-account-id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com/image` works the same way. So does Microsoft Azure registries, I believe.

Unless we revert to gcloud commands, there shouldn't be a need to make them perform extra steps.

Reviewer: If we need multiple paragraphs, I'd remove the `<br>` statements. We can hold the flags for emphasis. HTML tags in markdown aren't the cleanest. It's generally best to avoid them whenever possible.

Reviewer 2: The <br> is very useful for legibility. Please keep it.

Author: I think it is because I update README from UI, it doesn't allow me to modify it from remote client. I am closing this PR and open a new one.

The script [delete_prebuilt_workers.go](prebuilt_workers/delete_prebuilt_workers.go) 
deletes images within user specified registry. The script lists all images
within the specified registry, then check if the image has the user specified 

> tag. The script only support Google cloud registry so far.

Reviewer: A couple comments:

- We don't have any intention to support other registries with this script right now, and we're not really looking for PRs with them. Therefore, I'd just leave off the "so far" phrase. 

- The official name of the product is "Google Container Registry," so let's just use that. You can add that the limitation is due to depending on the google-cloud-sdk. 
 
```suggestion
tag. This script only supports Google Container Registry, because it relies on the google-cloud-sdk.
```
